
Cate Rabaya:
I enjoyed the narrative structure of the essay. It allows me to get far more immersed into the author's life, her story, and the struggles she went through to arrive here at UCLA, compared to a list style structure. The pop culture references were also appreciated. Very little in this essay was confusing. Most paragraphs and sentences flowed into one another. I do believe that the opening is the best part of the essay, just because of how strong the comparison between Cate and Elle Wood is, and how important that comparison is to Cate's real life. Cate's resilience and ability to bounce back after such a strong blow caused by the pandemic really struck a chord with me. I relate with having to balance an academic and professional life, and the fact that she was able to excel in both is admirable. If I were to try to improve this essay, I'd flesh out her actions during her freshman year of high school a bit further and work on the transition between her professional life at Panda Express and this. 

Natalie Press:
I fairly enjoyed how relatable the experience of being from a non-traditional family was, but under the fresh lens of adoption. This allowed for my own personal introspection towards my own family, and to see a fresh perspective on identity. I believe the best part of the essay was the third paragraph which marks Natalie's conflict resolution. It was well executed, and contrasts neatly with the second paragraph, which set up the causes of all Natalie's internal conflicts. In order to improve this essay, I'd try to create a stronger hook during the introduction, and try to combine the last two paragraphs together to make a much stronger conclusion.

Sonali Vaid:
This has been one of my favorite essays so far. It was an extremely captivating piece, really using the narrative structure to its fullest, with an amazing twist of Sonali being part of Mabel's group and being the one she is describing in the beginning. I honestly think the line "I am not Mabel. I am not Mabel because I usually sit across from her" is the best part of the essay. If I were to improve this piece, I'd only try to integrate the title of "I Used to Wish I Was Mabel" into the essay, as I feel as though it was never really touched upon. Also, the last sentence could be fleshed out further.

Anthony Alegado:
I really do admire the courage it took Anthony to open up about his impostor syndrome, as it is something I and I'm sure many others here at UCLA relate to. The first line is extremely powerful, as it lays out one of Anthony's insecurities bare for everyone to see, and he continues to elaborate to the reasons why he believes this throughout the rest of the essay, in terms of both academics and extracurriculars. His description of both his academic environments and how they affected his mental health were both extremely captivating. To further improve this essay, I'd remove many of the repetitive words present, as it obstructs the flow of reading, and detail even more about the second high school Anthony went to. 

Kendyl Gilbert:

This essay really stood out to me by not using a narrative style, but rather listing out all the qualities that Kendyl wishes to not be which helps to build a solid description of their mother's toxicity. Every line pulls the reader into a deeper understanding of the environment that Kendyl was raised in, and makes us empathize with them. I believe that the second paragraph was the best, as it clearly showed the extent of the emotional abuse, with overreactions about the most minor of "mistakes." In order to further the quality of this essay, I'd follow the same sort of structure as in the first paragraph in the other paragraphs, using much more specific examples, rather than just listing out the many abusive qualities of Kendyl's mother. 

Yancy W:

This essay was far more philosophical and nuanced than most of the others. Rather than give an example of what they are not, Yancy shows that what we perceive ourselves to be is far more extreme than in reality. The second paragraph really surprised and stuck out to meas it wasn't just a description on what they were not, but also a reflection on social media and society as a whole, which went much further than I thought was necessary for my essay, but works beautifully here. My favorite part though, would have to be the conclusion. Not being able to know about yourself truly because of bias is such a strong sentiment, and concluding that not being ignorant of that fact, you can be much more in tune with yourself, is very strong. If I had to improve this essay, I'd condense the first paragraph a bit, so it focuses more on Yancy.

What did you enjoy? What surprised you? What was confusing? What did you admire? How could this have been better? The opening, the middle, the ending: What was the best? Which words or phrases struck you? Identify lines you loved or didn't love. What did the author do to win you over or alienate you? What details or evidence captivated you, impressed you, wowed you. Why? Tell us what you think. How could these be improved?
